{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red59\green0\blue164;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c30181\c13393\c70360;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh15200\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 DevOps Script \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0        Hello my name is Ganesh Bhusal. I am a DevOps Engineer with an experience on the field over five years. During my tenure as a DevOps engineer with different companies I was involved in developing CI/CD pipelines for different types of applications such as JAVA, NODE.js, c# and Python. I have a hands on exxperience with different types of DevOps tools such as GIT as a version control tool, Jenkins as a CICD tool integrating Maven as a build tool and SonarQube as a code quality tool and Artifactory to store the artifacts.\
\
      We used to have two types of applications 
\f0\b Monolothic
\f1\b0  and 
\f0\b Microservices
\f1\b0 . For 
\f0\b Monolothic applications
\f1\b0  we used 
\f0\b \cf0 IBM Webservers JVMS
\f1\b0 \cf0  to deploy our enterprise applications. For 
\f0\b Microservices
\f1\b0  we have used 
\f0\b Docker as a container Management tool
\f1\b0 , also we have used 
\f0\b Docker Swarm, Kubernetes and Elastic Container services
\f1\b0 . We generally used cloud services for our cloud applications. Our team owned different  
\f0\b AWS cloud infrastructures,
\f1\b0  so we were responsible for building different types of AWS services such as 
\f0\b EC2, ECS, EBS, ELB, security groups, S3 Buckets, IAM Roles, IAM User, IAM Groups - attaching policies to these IAM variants, certificate manager etc
\f1\b0  I also have hands on experience with complex AWS mechanisms such as 
\f0\b ECR, ECS, EKS, SQS, SNS, RDS, KMS, AWS lambda functions, Route 53 etc.
\f1\b0  I was personally responsible for 
\f0\b load balancing
\f1\b0  and 
\f0\b auto scaling services
\f1\b0  needed to run our applications. Also, we used 
\f0\b Terraform
\f1\b0  very often basically to write Templates and create infrastructures in AWS. I also have experience in 
\f0\b Ansible
\f1\b0  for 
\f0\b configuration management
\f1\b0  to deploy packages in different 
\f0\b VMS
\f1\b0 .\
\
      I have some experience with 
\f0\b Splunk
\f1\b0  too, using it a monitoring tool. Our AMIs were backed with splunk agent so we used those AMIs and start 
\f0\b Splunk to send logs to the splunk dashboard
\f1\b0 . Our team was also responsible for Automation as well so, We wanted to have less Manual Intervention and tried to automate everything in DEV and QA environment. In production and staging environment since there is a requirement of Change Management Ticket, we used the concept of Continuous Delivery. \
     \
     So, overall the most important task of our team was to 
\f0\b automate the CICD pipelines
\f1\b0 , 
\f0\b make a plan for disaster recovery
\f1\b0 , 
\f0\b deploy the applications in high availability environment 
\f1\b0 and 
\f0\b have the Continuous Monitoring setup for secure application.\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
MY FIRST JOB
\f1\b0  was at
\f0\b  
\f1\b0 World Link Communication - where i worked as an intern and Jr. Linux system engineer. I had a hands on experience with Bash Scripting, Tomcat, Jboss\cf2  \cf3 and java applications and different linux systems such   as ubuntu, redhat, centos etc. Also I had some experience with CICD tools.\
\
\pard\tx0\tx720\tx926\tx1332\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1680\fi-1681\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf3 MY SECOND JOB 
\f1\b0 was at E-SEWA where i worked as a Build Release Engineer. During my tenure at e-sewa i had enhanced experience with all the CICD tools. Also i was fortunate to learn about git, jenkins, maven, sonarqube \
splunk etc\
\

\f0\b MY THIRD JOB
\f1\b0  was at Deerwalk where i worked as Devops/ AWS cloud engineer. During my tenure there, i worked on different AWS cloud infrastructure in addition to CI/CD tools and other DevOps tools. I also had hands on \
experience with different DevOps tools like Docker, Ansible, Kubernetes, Terraform, Splunk, Nagios, etc.\
\

\f0\b MY LAST JOB
\f1\b0  was at Viacom where i worked as Devops Engineer/ SRE. During my tenure there i worked on AWS cloud infrastructure such as \cf0 C2, ECS, EBS, ELB, security groups, S3 Buckets, IAM Roles, IAM User, IAM Groups - \
attaching policies to these IAM variants, certificate manager and also ECR, ECS, EKS, SQS, SNS, RDS, KMS, AWS lambda functions, Route 53 etc. Also i have worked on forming terraform templates, Docker, K8s, Jenkins, Maven, \
etc}